Feature/57 prepare action inputs for several regimes (#72)
AbsaOSS/living-doc-generator: living_documentation_regime/README.md

    
    # input repositories + feature to filter projects
    liv-doc-repositories: '[
      {
        "organization-name": "fin-services",
        "repository-name": "investment-app",
        "query-labels": ["feature", "enhancement"],
        "projects-title-filter": []
      },
      {
        "organization-name": "health-analytics",
        "repository-name": "patient-data-analysis",
        "query-labels": ["functionality"],
        "projects-title-filter": ["Health Data Analysis Project"]
      },
      {
        "organization-name": "open-source-initiative",
        "repository-name": "community-driven-project",
        "query-labels": ["improvement"],
        "projects-title-filter": ["Community Outreach Initiatives", "CDD Project"] 
      }
    ]'

    # project state mining feature de/activation
    liv-doc-project-state-mining: true

    # structured output feature de/activation
    liv-doc-structured-output: true
    
    # group output by topics feature de/activation
    liv-doc-group-output-by-topics: true
```

---
## Regime Configuration

Configure the LivDoc regime by customizing the following parameters based on your needs:

### Inputs

> -**liv-doc-repositories** (optional, `default: '[]'`)

Author: [22593b3](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/living-doc-generator/pull/72/commits/22593b349c9ef8e9921c2ffeed07b527c8c2591b)

  - **Description**: A JSON string defining the repositories to be included in the documentation generation.
  - **Usage**: List each repository with its organization name, repository name, query labels and attached projects you want to filter if any. Only projects with these titles will be considered. For no filtering projects, leave the list empty.
  - **Example**:
    ```yaml
    with:
      liv-doc-repositories: '[
      {
        "organization-name": "fin-services",
        "repository-name": "investment-app",
        "query-labels": ["feature", "enhancement"],
        "projects-title-filter": []
      },
      {
        "organization-name": "health-analytics",
        "repository-name": "patient-data-analysis",
        "query-labels": ["functionality"],
        "projects-title-filter": ["Health Data Analysis Project"]
      },
      {
        "organization-name": "open-source-initiative",
        "repository-name": "community-driven-project",
        "query-labels": ["improvement"],
        "projects-title-filter": ["Community Outreach Initiatives", "CDD Project"] 
      }
    ]'
    ```

> ### Features De/Activation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Features
```

Author: Changed: [22593b3](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/living-doc-generator/pull/72/commits/22593b349c9ef8e9921c2ffeed07b527c8c2591b)

> - **liv-doc-project-state-mining** (optional, `default: false`)

Reviewer: Add here link to feature description which is present in chapter below.

Author: Good idea, added at:

|-------------------|---------------------------------------|
| Organization name | AbsaOSS                               |
| Repository name   | living-doc-example-project            |
| Issue number      | 17                                    |
| State             | open                                  |
| Issue URL         | [GitHub link](#)                      |
| Created at        | 2023-12-12 11:34:52                   |
| Updated at        | 2023-12-13 10:24:58                   |
| Closed at         | None                                  |
| Labels            | feature                               |
| Project title     | Book Store Living Doc Example project |
| Status            | Todo                                  |
| Priority          | P1                                    |
| Size              | S                                     |
| MoSCoW            | N/A                                   |

## Issue Content
Users often struggle to find specific books in a large catalog. An advanced search feature would streamline this process, enhancing user experience.

### Background
...
```

---
## Documentation Ticket Introduction

> A **Documentation Ticket** is a small piece of documentation realised as GitHub Issue dedicated to project documentation. Unlike development-focused tickets, Documentation Ticket remain open continuously, evolving as updates are needed, and can be reopened or revised indefinitely. They are not directly tied to Pull Requests (PRs) but can be referenced for context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **Documentation Ticket** is a small piece of documentation realized as a GitHub Issue dedicated to project documentation. Unlike development-focused tickets, Documentation Ticket can remain in open state continuously, evolving as updates are needed, and can be reopened or revised indefinitely. They are not directly tied to Pull Requests (PRs) but can be referenced for context.
```

Author: [22593b3](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/living-doc-generator/pull/72/commits/22593b349c9ef8e9921c2ffeed07b527c8c2591b)

    - Encompasses multiple features, capturing the broader goal from a user perspective.
  - **DocumentedFeature:** Details a specific feature, providing a breakdown of its components and intended outcomes.
    - Built from various requirements and can relate to multiple User Stories, offering an in-depth look at functionality.
  - **DocumentedRequirement:** Outlines individual requirements or enhancements tied to the feature or user story.
- **Issue States**:
  - **Upcoming:** The feature, story, or requirement is planned but not yet implemented.
  - **Implemented:** The feature or requirement has been completed and is in active use.
  - **Deprecated:** The feature or requirement has been phased out or replaced and is no longer supported.

**DocumentedUserStory** and **DocumentedFeature** serve as **Epics**, whereas **DocumentedRequirement** represents specific items similar to feature enhancements or individual requirements.

### Hosting Documentation Tickets in a Solo Repository

Using a dedicated repository solely for documentation tickets provides multiple advantages:

> - **Streamlined Management:** This avoids cross-project conflicts and board exclusions and enables specialized templates solely for documentation purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Streamlined Management:** This avoids cross-project conflicts, board exclusions and enables specialized templates solely for documentation purposes.
```

Author: [22593b3](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/living-doc-generator/pull/72/commits/22593b349c9ef8e9921c2ffeed07b527c8c2591b)

- **Focused Access Control:** This allows a small team to manage and edit documentation without interference, maintaining high-quality content.
- **Optimized Data Mining:** Supports easier and more efficient data extraction for feedback and review cycles through Release Notes.
- **Implementation Reflection:** Mirrors elements from the implementation repositories, providing a high-level knowledge source that is valuable for both business and technical teams.
- **Release Notes Integration:** Documentation can evolve based on insights from release notes, serving as a dynamic feedback loop back to the documentation repository.

---
## Living Documentation Regime Features

> ### Data Mining from GitHub Repositories

Reviewer: Mention please that this feature is build-in and cannot be deactivate inside of regime scope.

Author: Mentioned at: [22593b3](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/living-doc-generator/pull/72/commits/22593b349c9ef8e9921c2ffeed07b527c8c2591b).

This feature allows you to define which repositories should be included in the living documentation process. By specifying repositories, you can focus on the most relevant projects for your documentation needs.

- **Default Behavior**: By default, the action will include all repositories defined in the repositories input parameter. Each repository is defined with its organization name, repository name, and query labels.

### Data Mining from GitHub Projects

> This feature allows you to define which projects should be included in the living documentation process. By specifying projects, you can focus on the most relevant projects for your documentation needs.

Reviewer: Here, I am missing information on what action has to be activated.
After activation, we can talk about default and non-default behavior.

Author: Hopefully added at:

> - **Default Behavior**: By default, the action will include all projects defined in the repositories. This information is provided by the GitHub API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Default Behavior**: By default, the action will include all projects linked to the repositories. This information is provided by the GitHub API.
```

Author: [22593b3](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/living-doc-generator/pull/72/commits/22593b349c9ef8e9921c2ffeed07b527c8c2591b)

- **Non-default Example**: Use available options to customize which projects are included in the documentation.
  - `project-state-mining: false` deactivates the mining of project state data from GitHub Projects. If set to **false**, project state data will not be included in the generated documentation and project related configuration options will be ignored. 
  - `projects-title-filter: []` filters the repository attached projects by titles, if list is empty all projects are used.
      ```json
        {
          "organization-name": "absa-group",
          "repository-name": "living-doc-example-project",
          "query-labels": ["feature", "bug"],
          "projects-title-filter": ["Community Outreach Initiatives", "Health Data Analysis"]
         }
      ```

### Living Documentation Page Generation

> The goal is to provide a straightforward view of all issues in a single table, making it easy to see the overall status and details of issues across repositories.

Reviewer: Here, I am missing information that the current output implementation is implemented against the mdoc solution. The presence of so many _index.md file can be confusing.

Author: I am not sure, if the mdoc is the official IT term or just our naming. See my solution at:

Reviewer: More correct can be [mdoc viewer](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/cps-mdoc-viewer).

Author: Sentence also updated with a link to the mdoc viewer. See the change at:

- **Default Behavior**: By default, the action generates a single table that lists all issues from the defined repositories.

> ### Structured Output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Structured Output
```

Author: This is one of liv-doc regime features, it should have the same heading level as others features.

Author: I firstly did not understand your idea for having different headings for the features. But get it now and it is a good approach! See: [22593b3](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/living-doc-generator/pull/72/commits/22593b349c9ef8e9921c2ffeed07b527c8c2591b).

This feature allows you to generate structured output for the living documentation and see a summary `index.md` page for each fetched repository.

> - **Default Behavior**: By default, the action generates all the documentation in a single directory.

Reviewer: It means not activated, right?

Author: Yes, in this scenario it means that the feature is inactive. I did added this information into the description. See:

> - **Non-default Example**: Use the structured output feature to organize the generated documentation by organization and repository name.

Reviewer: It means activated, ...

Author: New solution added at: [22593b3](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/living-doc-generator/pull/72/commits/22593b349c9ef8e9921c2ffeed07b527c8c2591b)

  - `structured-output: true` activates the structured output feature.
    ```
    output
    |- org 1
      |--repo 1
         |-- issue md page 1
         |-- issue md page 2
         |-- _index.md
      |-- _index.md
    |- org 2
      |--repo 1
         |-- issue md page 1
         |-- _index.md
      |--repo 2
          ...
      |-- _index.md
    |- _index.md
    ```

> ### Output Grouped by Topics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Output Grouped by Topics
```

Author: Added: [22593b3](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/living-doc-generator/pull/72/commits/22593b349c9ef8e9921c2ffeed07b527c8c2591b)

> The feature allows you to generate grouped output by topics. This feature is useful when you want to group tickets by specific topics or themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature allows you to generate output grouped by topics. This feature is useful when grouping tickets by specific topics or themes.
```

Author: See: [22593b3](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/living-doc-generator/pull/72/commits/22593b349c9ef8e9921c2ffeed07b527c8c2591b)

### Index Page Example

```markdown

> # Issue Summary page

Reviewer: Why the meta data were removed?
Are you presenting the Preview of expected output or raw data?
